tikv,pd: add config of min-resolved-ts (#13836)
pingcap/docs: tikv-configuration-file.md

+ Default value: `1MB`
+ Minimum value: `0`

### `report-min-resolved-ts-interval` <span class="version-mark">New in v6.0.0</span>

+ Determines the interval at which the minimum resolved timestamp is reported to the PD leader. If this value is set to `0`, it means that the reporting is disabled.

> + Default value: `"0s"` before v6.3.0 and `"1s"` in v6.3.0 and later, which is the smallest positive value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Default value: Before v6.3.0, the default value is `"0s"`. Starting from v6.3.0, the default value is `"1s"`, which is the smallest positive value.
```
